Adding maintainers guidelines (#1)
jakubhajek/traefik: docs/content/contributing/maintainers-guidelines.md

## Maintainers requirements

Note: you do not have to meet all of the listed requirements, but must have achieved several.

- Enabled [2FA](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/configuring-two-factor-authentication) on your Github account
- The contributor has opened and successfully run medium to large PR’s in the past 6 months.
- The contributor has participated in multiple code reviews of other PR’s, including those of other maintainers and contributors.
- The contributor showed a consistent pattern of helpful, non-threatening, and friendly behaviour towards other community members in the past.
- The contributor is active on Traefik Community forums or other technical forums / boards such as K8S slack, Reddit, StackOverflow, hacker news.
- Have read and accepted the contributor guidelines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Participating in a daily [issue triage](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/issue_triage.md). 
  - The process helps to understand and prioritize the reported issue according to its importance and severity. This is crucial in order to learn how our users implement Traefik. Each of the issues that are labeled as bug/possible bug/confirmed requires a reproducible use case. You can help in creating a reproducible use case if it has not been added to the issue or use the sample code provided by the reporter. Typically, a simple docker compose should be enough to reproduce the issue.
- Code contribution. 
- Documentation contribution. 
  - Technical documentation is one of the most important components of the product. The ability to set up a testing environment using Traefik in a few minutes using the official documentation is a game changer.
- You will be listed on our Maintainers Github page as well as on our website in the section [maintainers](maintainers.md).
- We will be promoting you in social channels (mostly on Twitter).

## Governance

- Roadmap meetings on a regular basis where all maintainers are welcome.

> ## Communicating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Communicating

```

- We publish a report to the channel on a daily basis that includes all the activities performed during the day. You are updated in regards to the workload that has been processed including: working on the new features and enhancements, activities related to the reported issues and PR’s, other important project-related announcements.
- At 5:00 PM CET every day we review all the created issues that have been reported, assign the specific *[labels](maintainers.md#Labels)* and prioritize them based on the severity of the problem. The process is called *[issue triaging](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/issue_triage.md).* Each of the maintainers is welcome to join the meeting. For that purpose, we use a dedicated Discord server where you are invited once you have become the official maintainer.

> ## Maintainers Activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Maintainers Activity

```

In order to keep the core team efficient and dynamic, maintainers activity and involvement will be reviewed on a regular basis.

- Has the maintainer engaged with the team and the community by meeting two or more of these benchmarks in the past six months?
    - Has the maintainer participated in at least two or three maintainer meetings?
    - Substantial review of at least one or two PRs from either contributors or maintainers.
    - Opened at least one or two bug fixes or feature request PRs that were eventually merged (or on a trajectory for merge).
    - Substantial participation in the Help Wanted program (answered questions, helped identify issues, applied guidelines from the Help Wanted guide to open issues).
    - Substantial participation with the community in general.
- Has the maintainer shown a consistent pattern of helpful, non-threatening, and friendly behavior towards other people on the maintainer team and with our community?

## Additional comments for (not only) maintainers

> - Use Traefik on a daily basis. You can’t be a good maintainer if you are not using Traefik daily and you can’t put yourself in your users’ shoes.
> - Prioritize the maintainer. Be user-focused but if you use Traefik every day, you are already in the user's shoes, so respect other maintainers and other community members.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the daily basis usage, perhaps we can rephrase with something like.
```suggestion
- Be able to put yourself in users’ shoes.
- Be open-minded and respectful with other maintainers and other community members.
```

- Keep the communication public - if anyone tries to communicate with you directly, ask him politely to move the conversation to a public communication channel.
- Stay away from defensive comments.

> - Please try to express your thoughts clearly enough and note that some of us (including me) are not native English speakers. Try to rephrase your sentences, avoiding mental shortcuts; none of us is able to predict your thoughts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please try to express your thoughts clearly enough and note that some of us are not native English speakers. Try to rephrase your sentences, avoiding mental shortcuts; none of us is able to predict your thoughts.
```

# The Maintainers Guidelines

Note: the document is a work in progress.

> Welcome to the Traefik Community. This document describes various responsibilities and guidelines for Traefik maintainers. We are in the process of hiring  maintainers into the project, so that information can be relevant if you are interested in being a part of the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Traefik Community. This document describes how to be part of the core team as well as various responsibilities and guidelines for Traefik maintainers.. We are strongly promoting a philosophy of openness and sharing, and firmly standing against the elitist closed approach. Being part of the core team should be accessible to anyone who is motivated and want to be part of that journey!
```

> Welcome to the Traefik Community. This document describes how to be part of the core team as well as various responsibilities and guidelines for Traefik maintainers.. We are strongly promoting a philosophy of openness and sharing, and firmly standing against the elitist closed approach. Being part of the core team should be accessible to anyone who is motivated and want to be part of that journey!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Traefik Community. This document describes how to be part of the core team as well as various responsibilities and guidelines for Traefik maintainers. We are strongly promoting a philosophy of openness and sharing, and firmly standing against the elitist closed approach. Being part of the core team should be accessible to anyone who is motivated and want to be part of that journey!
```

There are lots of areas where you can contribute to the project but we can suggest you start with activities such as:

- PR reviewing. 
  - According to our guidelines we require you have at least 3 reviewers, thus you can review a PR and leave the relevant comment if it is necessary.
- Participating in a daily [issue triage](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/issue_triage.md). 
  - The process helps to understand and prioritize the reported issue according to its importance and severity. This is crucial in order to learn how our users implement Traefik. Each of the issues that are labeled as bug/possible bug/confirmed requires a reproducible use case. You can help in creating a reproducible use case if it has not been added to the issue or use the sample code provided by the reporter. Typically, a simple docker compose should be enough to reproduce the issue.
- Code contribution. 
- Documentation contribution. 
  - Technical documentation is one of the most important components of the product. The ability to set up a testing environment using Traefik in a few minutes using the official documentation is a game changer.

> - Documentation contribution. 
>   - Technical documentation is one of the most important components of the product. The ability to set up a testing environment using Traefik in a few minutes using the official documentation is a game changer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

- You will be listed on our Maintainers Github page as well as on our website in the section [maintainers](maintainers.md).
- We will be promoting you in social channels (mostly on Twitter).

## Governance

> - Roadmap meetings on a regular basisc where all maintainers are welcome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Roadmap meetings on a regular basis where all maintainers are welcome.
```

- We publish a report to the channel on a daily basis that includes all the activities performed during the day. You are updated in regards to the workload that has been processed including: working on the new features and enhancements, activities related to the reported issues and PR’s, other important project-related announcements.
- At 5:00 PM CET every day we review all the created issues that have been reported, assign the specific *[labels](maintainers.md#Labels)* and prioritize them based on the severity of the problem. The process is called *[issue triaging](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/issue_triage.md).* Each of the maintainers is welcome to join the meeting. For that purpose, we use a dedicated Discord server where you are invited once you have become the official maintainer.

## Maintainers Activity

> Every six months we will validate maintainers acttivity and determine if they are still active and participating as a maintainer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to keep the core team efficient and dynamic, maintainers activity and involvement will be reviewed on a regular basis.
```
